Expose constant SKIP_TIME_THRESHOLD as skipTimeThreshold in replayer (#1408)
rrweb-io/rrweb: guide.md

| root                | document.body | the root element of replayer                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| loadTimeout         | 0             | timeout of loading remote style sheet                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| skipInactive        | false         | whether to skip inactive time                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | skipTimeThreshold   | 10000         | a threshold of inactive time in milliseconds                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| skipTimeThreshold   | 10000         | the threshold in milliseconds for what should be considered an inactive period                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
